gh-89610: Add syntax highlighting for `.pyi` files in IDLE (#28950)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/IDLE/2021-10-14-16-55-03.bpo-45447.FhiH5P.rst

IDLE now knows that `.pyi` files can only contain valid Python expressions,

> and will apply syntax highlighting accordingly. Patch by Alex Waygood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IDLE now applies syntax highlighting to `.pyi` files. Patch by Alex Waygood.
```
